How does the monthly service billing cycle work?
The “Monthly Service Billing Cycle” refers to the one-month period for which you are billed. You can view your billing cycle and payment due date in the Billing tab of your Starlink account.

Your billing cycle begins on the day your Starlink kit is first activated. Once activated:

Your first invoice will appear in your account.
The payment method on file will be automatically charged.
If you don’t activate within 30 days of shipment, your service will be automatically activated.
Example:

If you activate on June 28, your billing cycle will run June 28 – July 27.

You will be billed on June 28, and payment will also be due that day.
Your next cycle would be July 28 – August 27, with billing and payment due July 28.
Billing cycles vary per user, so your dates may differ from the example.

Important Notes:

If you activate service on the 29th, 30th, or 31st, your billing date will adjust to the 28th.
Brazil only: The first invoice has a 7-day payment window from the invoice date. This applies to the first invoice only.
​

FAQs:
When is payment due for my monthly subscription?

Your automatic payment date is the first day of your billing cycle. Subscription payments will be automatically charged to the payment method on file on your Payment Due Date. For Mobile Money payments, you will need to log into your account each month on the Payment Due Date to complete your payment. Please note that billing date changes or delays are not supported.
Am I able to preview my upcoming charges?

You are able to preview your next monthly service invoice from your account at any time by clicking "Preview Next Invoice". The invoice preview will update each day of the month and will reflect all charges due as of that day, including any applicable overage data usage from your current cycle or recent changes to your service plan.
What happens if my Starlink Kit is not delivered within 30 days from shipping?

If you’ve received a notice that your billing cycle will begin soon and your Starlink Kit has not yet been delivered, your 30-day trial period will be automatically extended by an additional 30 days, and a one-month service credit will be applied to your account.
​

Get Starlink email updates here.

​

Recommended Topics:

How does billing work for business?